Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ ♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[male and female voices all
speaking at once]
♪ [funky music playing] ♪
[Abby] I swear you guys
are harder to wrangle
than a bunch of brokers at
an over-served open house!
[Gene] All right. Kill me.
Kill me now.
[Miller] We're supposed
to rank everything
that we've gone through so far.
I'd say that "World at Midnight"
was the fourth best book
that we've read all year.
Maybe fifth.
[Rena chuckles]
I disagree.
Rosemarie. so one-dimensional.
No redeeming qualities.
[Rory]
Henry was even worse.
What possessed you to
choose this book. Hollis?
[Gene] It must have been the
abstract cover art!
[Miller] It was the second best
cover art this year.
[Gene] I could see the ending
coming from thirty miles away.
Please.
[Hollis] Okay. okay.
Everybody stop.
I've had all I can stomach.
Come on guys.
Are we even reading
the same book?
I read four chapters and
the last eight pages.
You're welcome.
Guys no.
This author's 23 years old.
This is her first book.
Okay. yes.
It does start a little
slow in the beginning.
But oh. get to page 215
it's just brilliant!
I stopped reading
it at page 214.
[Rena] Oh. one page shy
of pure brilliance.
All right. look. maybe
I'll read it again.
I won't. Sorry Hollis.
Hard pass for me.
You know. I have to admit.
though.
the way the killer was revealed
in "World at Midnight".
Pretty clever.
Blew me away!
Not me. I knew it
was her all along.
[Gene]
But arsenic?
It's so film noir.
It seemed a little odd.
having it in her purse.
I keep rat poison on me
at all times. don't you?
I just have it right here.
The book was charming. it was
just not very believable.
Come on.
A group of misfits
coming together
to form some sort
of society? Really?
[Rory] That coming from a
member of a book club
comprised of ex-felons.
[Gene]
Oh. whatever!
[Hollis] Listen you guys. I'll
take you ex-felon misfits
over any law-abiding
citizen any day.
I second that!
[Abby]
To the Fallen Angels.
May we continue to spread
our wings and soar!
[All]
To the Fallen Angels!
[Gene]
Hey. Drinks on you?
[Hollis] I swear. every time
I go out to a bar with you.
I always end up
sitting alone.
Oh boo hoo hoo.
Can I help it if
I'm so irresistible?
[laughs]
No you can't.
Hey.
[Gene]
Those two huddled again.
[Gene whispers] I think
they're having an affair.
[Hollis]
No way.
Abby and Michael are
the perfect couple.
Uh huh. You and your
ex were perfect too.
Until he set you up
for an epic fall.
Hey. what are you
two so hushed about?
Rory's just bragging about
his new house. Again.
[Abby] I keep telling him I
could have gotten him more
for his money...
[Rory]
Speaking of which...
Drinks and cigars
at my place! Huh?
Who's down?
If there's some kind of
snacks. you can count me in.
[Gene]
You had me at drinks.
I'm sorry. Rory.
I'm gonna have to pass.
What? You got paralegal
stuff. petition stuff?
Yes!
Just stay for an hour. Hollis.
That's all.
It won't be any fun without you.
I can't.
Please. Please.
Pretty please with sugar on top!
You're such a baby.
Okay. One hour.
-Ah!
-One hour!
-Yes!
-That's it.
I love you! You know that?
-You do?
-I mean it! I do.
-I really do.
-How much?
[Rory]
On three. two. one...
Angelssssss!
[Rena]
Okay. you have to send me that!
[Abby] Oh. send it to everybody.
And Jeffrey.
-Yeah yeah!
-I'll send it to everybody.
Okay. listen.
Before you guys toss back too
many brandies. let me just say.
I got security
cameras everywhere
so don't get any ideas.
No he doesn't.
[laughter]
Look. seriously...
I know you guys think I'm over
the top sometimes...
Oh no no no no no.
Why would we think that?
The reason I invited you here
is not to show off what I have.
but to show you
what's possible.
We fought like heck
to get our lives back
and we're kicking butt.
Gene. your blog's got
thousands of subscribers.
Indeed.
[Rory] Rena. your clothing line
is growing internationally.[Wow]
Abby. if it weren't for you I
wouldn't even begun to look
at multi-million
dollar properties.
And Hollis. pretty soon you're
gonna be able to take the bar.
Your honor. I don't object.
[laughter]
Ah. Miller.
Yeah?
Miller...
You're the smartest
SOB I know.
[Rory laughs]
And I don't care
what anybody says.
you jerks are the
best jerks I know.
And I wouldn't want
anybody else in my corner.
I love you guys.
Cheers.
Ah! Love you too!
Salut!
[Rory]
Hey. Diamond Crùn Limited.
30.000 dollars a box.
Most expensive
cigars you can buy.
I'm good. dude.
I hate cigars.
[Miller]
I gotta get some air.
Well. you know. give
it to your boss.
Hell. you know. sell it and buy
yourself a nice pair of shoes.
Did you really spend
30.000 dollars
on a box of smelly cigars?
[puffing]
That's what they cost.
But not what I paid for them.
♪ [ominous music] ♪
Oh. let me show you the latest
addition to my collection.
I got this piece for a song.
The artist fell on hard times.
died south of net zero.
The family didn't
know what they had.
[Rory's phone rings]
[Rory]
I need to get this.
Okay. Ah...
Drink up!
I'll be right back.
[Gene]
Okay.
[door squeaks open]
[Rory] Oh. hey! Miller!
Be careful.
Fresh coat of custom oil paint.
Takes forever to dry.
[Miller]
Now he tells me.
[Rory on phone]
Hello?
Okay. I would not have put this
place in Rory's snack bracket.
I mean. it's gotta be
seven figures. right Abby?
What business is
that of yours. Gene?
[Gene]
Oh. please.
Knowledge is power.
as you very well know.
[laughter]
Speaking of knowledge.
I'd love to know how Rory
keeps up with it all.
You know. the houses. the cars.
the new girlfriends
every three months.
[Rory yelling on phone]
No no no no!
Three months is probably
all they can take.
Rory's exhausting.
Yeah. well. all that charm
can tire a girl out.
-[Rory yelling on phone]
-[Abby] Charm and designer rugs.
[Rena laughs]
Yes.
Well. whatever's going on
with him at the moment
seems pretty heated.
[Rory yelling]
Come on!
You think it's
business or pleasure?
Well it's Rory.
Business is pleasure.
[Rory yelling] No no. no.
You need to listen to me. okay.
[Rory yelling]
No. forget it!
Jeez.
[Rory yelling] Well. what
do you expect me to do?
[Abby] "World at Midnight" to
be continued tomorrow.
[Hollis]
Yes.
To quote Rosemarie. "Might as
well beat it 'til it's dead."
[Abby]
Sorry. Hollis. See you later.
[Miller]
Thank you for having me.
[Rory]
Good night.
Ah! Rory!
Thank you.
[Rory]
Drive safe now.
Oh boy!
[laughs]
Somebody had fun.
Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. you sure had fun tonight.
Yeah. I did. I sure did.
Careful now.
[Gene]
Yeah. I got it.
Well well well.
Everybody just loves your book.
Hmm?
I know. right?
I. ah. I thought
you had to leave?
You know. I was looking
at these cigars...
I've seen these before.
like a few years back.
And I remember them because
my friend who had them
wasn't really a cigar smoker.
And he definitely couldn't
afford 30.000 dollar cigars.
But his were in. you
know. a regular box.
not a fancy humidor.
Where'd you say you got these?
They were a gift.
Oh.
I guess somebody in
Philly likes giving away
30.000 dollar cigars. huh?
[Rory's phone rings]
Sorry.
Oh. okay.
[Rory on phone]
Hello?
Hey! You can call me back
10 times if you like.
but it doesn't change anything.
Those are my terms. All right?
[chuckles]
No no.
I hold the cards here.
Well. I better get going.
Yeah.
Listen. Hollis.
I know you're still bitter about
what your husband did to you.
And I'm sure you have a lot
of unanswered questions.
but at some point you have
to move on with your life.
What are you talking about?
Not everything is a clue to some
great mystery from your past.
Some things are
just a coincidence.
Nothing more.
Let it go.
Wait a minute. Hold up.
Is there something
I should know about?
Because it sure as
hell feels like it.
[Rory shouts] You don't wanna
do this. Hollis.
You don't want any
part of my world.
Trust me.
Oh you know this
isn't over yet. right?
Yes it is.
[car engine starts]
[breathes heavily]
[glass smashing]
Avery.
Good morning.
So...
How goes the studying?
You ready to take that bar exam?
Sure. Sign me up now.
I'll be there.
I don't know why you
keep putting it off.
You're smarter than most
of the lawyers I know.
Including you?
[scoffs]
Let's not get carried away.
But. you do need to
stop procrastinating.
It's not what you think. Mark.
I'll take the exam in due time.
Yeah.
[Hollis]
Look. So adorable!
[Mark] Are you talking
about her or Avery?
Seriously?
Okay. both! But in
very different ways.
Please don't tell
him I said that.
Yeah. your secret's
safe with me.
-But for a price.
-Ha ha.
[Mark] Okay.
Here comes Mr. Adorable.
Let's look professional.
Hollis. Mark. let me introduce
you to Marla Wilson.
Marla. you are in good hands.
Charmed.
Lovely to meet you. Mrs. Wilson.
Uh huh.
I'll be trusting you
two to figure out
who gets my stuff
when I die.
Mainly you. Holland.
Hollis. Hollis.
We can...
All right.
[Mrs. Wilson]
My baby sister.
Carrie was her name.
Oh. she was a
hellion. that one.
[Hollis chuckles]
But she always had my back.
You look a lot like her.
Oh?
I'm counting on you to
have my back. Hollis.
Keep these boys honest.
Avery and Mark are
really good guys.
They'll look out for
you and so will I.
You have my word.
That's all I can ask.
Oh. girl.
I can run up and
down these stairs
faster than a 10-year-old.
You get back to work.
Okay. That's right.
I got this.
Okay. Ms. Marla.
Have a great day.
[Miller]
Okay. come on.
Even Rena's here.
And Rory's not?
[Gene] Yeah. let's just
start without him.
Okay. calm down. boys!
It's not like you have
anything else to do tonight.
Exactly. right?
[footsteps approaching]
Finally!
Sorry.
Didn't know anyone was here.
[Faber]
This is Detective Lincoln.
I'm Detective Faber.
What can we do for you?
Do you all know a Rory Sharma?
Yeah. Why?
[Rena]
Yeah. What's going on?
Mr. Sharma was found dead
in his home last night.
No no. We just saw him.
When...?
What happened?
[Faber]
Suspected poisoning.
Forensics' early screening
showed signs of poison
in the brandy and on a
cigar in the ashtray.
How did you...
[Lincoln]
Fob.
[keys jingle]
We found it in his car.
There's a tag with
this address on it.
And we weren't expecting to
find anyone else here. So...
Yet. here you all are.
[Faber] We'd like to ask
you all a few questions.
Of course.
From the looks of it.
Mr. Sharma was killed
by someone he knew.
[Faber] There was no
signs of forced entry.
What is this?
Some sort of book club?
Yes.
[Faber] When was the last time
you all saw Mr. Sharma?
Last night. At his home.
Before he was killed?
[Gene] Yeah. Rory just bought
a new house
and he was eager to show it off.
so we all went over for drinks.
Did you notice
anything off about him?
He had a heated argument with
someone over the phone...
Well. Rory was always having
heated arguments with someone...
True. Yeah.
He is a bit of a hot head.
He was...
Was...
[Faber] So books.
that's your connection?
Yeah. we are a book club.
And what kind of
books do you read?
Mostly murder mysteries.
We'd like to talk to each
one of you individually
if you don't mind.
[Abby]
Sure.
I can set you up out front.
[Gene] Rory and I didn't
hit it off at first
but I grew to like him.
I considered him a friend.
[Gene] His flashy jewelry
and his novelty ring tones
were a bit much but...
He didn't deserve
to die like that.
[Rena] There was a side to Rory
that most people didn't know.
The sweet side.
the generous side.
[Rena]
He didn't always show it but...
He was a good friend to me.
[Miller] We all left Rory's
house around the same time.
Except Hollis.
She stayed later.
[Abby] I'm not sure how long
Hollis stayed to be honest.
I thought she left when we did.
Thank you. Ms. Caldwell.
According to your friends.
you stayed and talked to Mr.
Sharma after everyone left.
So what did you talk about?
Cigars.
[Lincoln]
Cigars?
Expensive cigars.
And are you a cigar enthusiast?
No.
[Faber] Did your conversation
with Mr. Sharma
become unpleasant
at any point?
Rory and I were always
known to speak our minds.
We had that kind
of relationship.
[Faber] Did the two of you have
an argument last night?
No.
So where did you go after
you left Mr. Sharma's house?
Let's see. um. I went
home. made a cup of tea.
Chamomile. in case
you're wondering.
[Lincoln] What book are you guys
reading right now?
We just finished
"World at Midnight".
[Lincoln]
I should check it out.
Nothing like a good
murder mystery. right?
[Faber] Do you know any of
Mr. Sharma's family?
His friends. maybe
business associates?
He has a...
He had a girlfriend
but I've never met her.
Rory's pretty private.
Yeah. we know about
the girlfriend.
She's the one who
found his body.
Well thank you for
your time. Ms. Morgan.
And if you think
of anything else.
please give me a call.
Sure.
Thanks again. everyone.
And. we're very
sorry for your loss.
Is anyone gonna say it?
Rory was killed just
like the character
in "World at Midnight".
Remember?
Gerald drank from the
poisonous nightcap
while his cigar burned
in the ashtray.
Does anyone find that strange?
♪ [ominous music] ♪
-[Hollis] Hey...
-[Jeffrey] Hey.
[Hollis]
How are you?
Don't judge me.
I'm old school.
I really thought
I could save you all.
[Hollis]
Jeffrey. don't.
I knew Rory was in trouble.
He was always so
damned secretive.
Yeah.
Um...
When you were putting
the book club together.
did any of the
other members
know me or know
anything about me?
Not that I know of. Why?
[Hollis]
Nothing. Just wondering.
I know this is probably not
the best time to ask about my
expungement statement but...
No. no no no no.
No. Rory would have wanted
us to keep our heads up
and keep moving forward.
So. listen. I read your
letter statement here.
I read it twice. actually.
Yeah?
I cried both times.
It's compelling as hell but
I really think you
need to add something.
like another letter by your mom.
your dad. like your sister.
the distant cousin. somebody...
Jeffrey... You know I
can't ask my family.
I know. I know.
They still blame you for
your ex burning them
on that promissory deal.
But. you know what?
That was a long time ago.
It's time to forgive and forget.
Life is short.
Ain't that the truth?
So. I bought this when
I heard about Rory.
Oh. Brandy? Ewww.
No no no.
This stuff's good.
Don't you have a bottle of
wine stashed somewhere?
Ah. no.
I leave wine for the
lightweights like you and Abby.
[laughs] But I'm going to pass.
And I don't want you
to get in trouble
for a few drinks
on the job.
Hollis.
I'm not exactly the rule
follower you think I am.
I find that hard to believe.
I'm going to get
out of here. though.
Okay.
-I love you.
-You too.
Thank you.
Psssshh...
-Call you later.
-All right.
Bye.
[Miller] What do we think of
Rory's girlfriend?
[Abby]
Hmm... Okay. I guess.
If like that sort of thing.
[Miller]
I. I do.
[Hollis] I don't know a
single person here.
[Gene] What about her?
What's her name?
[Rena] Oh. I stopped remembering
Rory's girlfriends'
names years ago.
[they all chuckle]
[Hollis] Here she comes!
Here she comes!
You must be Rory's
book club friends.
-Yeah.
-Yes.
[Farrah]
You know. it's so funny.
He used to carry on
about you and the books
but I never actually
saw him read anything.
Sounds about right.
We're so sorry for your loss.
We all really loved Rory...
I. for one. enjoy reading.
Bah! I read all the time.
Oh!
It just kind of feels like I
never even really knew him.
It feels like the last three
weeks didn't even count.
[Hollis chokes]
Excuse me.
[Hollis]
Hmm.
I'm sorry.
Would you guys have any idea who
might've done this to my Rory?
Ah! There you are!
My favorite crew.
Hey!
I'm sorry. Farrah.
Thanks Jeffrey.
Well. excuse me.
Yeah. pleased to meet you.
[Jeffrey]
I wouldn't be a bit surprised
if she thinks one
of you killed Rory.
[All]
What?
But. she thinks Elvis and
Tupac are still alive.
I definitely think
that Elvis is dead.
But Tupac?
For all we know.
Farrah killed Rory.
She's the one who found him.
And her sugar was going
to dry up once they split.
[Rena] How do you know they
were going to split?
You're right. Never mind.
He had so many girlfriends
I couldn't keep up.
That was our Rory.
Life in the fast lane.
Hi!
Hello Michael.
Sorry. I missed the memorial.
No worries.
It was short and sweet
and all about Rory.
He would have loved it.
Rena might have been
right about Farrah.
What if it was her?
[Gene]
Her. Or someone like her.
I bet that there's some
clues in this house.
[Miller]
Something that forensics missed.
And we would know
what to look for.
You know what?
We should split up.
Good idea.
[Jeffrey] No no.
That's not a good idea!
That's a terrible idea.
♪ [ominous music] ♪
Ms. Morgan.
Detective.
Here to pay your respects?
[scoffs]
Yeah. something like that.
Why didn't you tell
me your book club
is some kind of a support
group for ex-cons.
Because we're not.
We're a book club.
[Faber]
For ex-cons.
Every member has
a criminal record.
Some even have ongoing
files with the bureau.
Rory Sharma: Cocaine possession.
Rena Martinez: Racketeering.
Miller Thornton: Computer fraud.
Gene Donovan: Lying
to a federal agent.
And then there's you.
Three years for insurance fraud.
You forgot about one.
Ah. that's right.
Abby Caldwell.
Big question mark. that one.
Did you know that Mr. Sharma
saved you in his contacts
as Rebecca Lynley?
One guess from the look on
your face. that answer's a no.
No... I never told him my name.
I didn't know.
Would it surprise you to find
out that you and Mr. Sharma
have a common acquaintance.
that is outside
your book club?
So are you trained to
speak in riddles or what?
Sharma was an associate of
your ex-husband. Ms. Morgan.
Bill Lynley.
Okay...
What. you don't seem surprised?
Where is Mr. Lynley?
I have no idea.
I am curious though.
What's Bill's
connection to Rory?
That's what we
intend to find out.
You know. it's funny isn't it?
Some people just aren't
what they seem to be.
[Avery] Well. it turns out that
Marla Wilson does
not have a will.
Nor does she have any family.
She wants to sell her
house and move into
an assisted living facility.
So I'm thinking we should maybe
set up a conservatorship?
Yeah. That's a good call.
She may not have much but
no one wants the state
divvying up their assets
when they pass on.
Agreed.
Good. All right. Then we should
get moving on this right away.
Because Marla's still trying
to call the shots but I think
her ability to make sound
decisions is waning a little.
I'm on it!
[Avery]
All right.
Are you ordering lunch?
What you got there?
[dialing]
Hey. ma.
It's me. Becka. Um...
I know you don't want
to talk to me...
Can you give me a call?
[doorbell rings]
I love you. Bye.
Are you here to give me a
critique of the book or...
How and when was this
book club formed?
The truth. Ms. Morgan.
Jeffrey Wallace. parole officer.
See when you're in prison.
you have a lot of
time on your hands.
And reading can sometimes
be a way to escape.
Jeffrey thought the book
club was a good way
to bring us together.
to connect us.
to form a new family even.
And you didn't know Mr. Sharma
prior to meeting in book club?
No.
Do you think any of
the other members
had a reason to want
Mr. Sharma dead?
Sorry. Sorry.
You had to know Rory.
He was annoying as hell but
none of us wanted to kill him.
He was our friend.
How do you explain the
similarities between his death
and the victim in
"World at Midnight"?
It's now been confirmed
that the poison was on the tip
of the cigar and in the glass.
Just like in the book.
Okay. What do you
want me to say?
You know. people kill people.
Sometimes they use guns.
sometimes they use knives.
sometimes they use poison.
-Who chose this book?
-I did.
Why? Am I a suspect?
Everyone's a suspect.
Am I in danger?
Not unless you think there's
a serial killer out there
targeting people in book clubs?
Is there?
What did you mean everyone's
a suspect. Detective?
[Lincoln]
If you don't mind.
we'll be the ones
asking the questions.
Actually. I kind of do mind
especially if I'm being
accused of murder.
Motive and opportunity.
to answer your question.
What are you talking about?
I've known Rory for years.
Why would I suddenly
decide to poison him?
We just found out that you and
your husband sold worthless
promissory notes to dozens of
people causing them to lose
hundreds of
thousands of dollars.
That was my ex-husband's
insurance company.
But you set up the company and
you signed off on the documents.
Where did your husband come up
with the idea for that scam?
Bill had a way of finding
shortcuts to wealth.
So. could Rory have been
one of those shortcuts?
I don't know.
Like I said. Rory had some
cigars. they were rare.
My ex-husband had
some like them once.
Yeah. once.
When was the last time you
saw or spoke to Mr. Lynley?
[Hollis]
Eight years ago.
When my guilty verdict was
handed down. he shrugged.
walked out of
the courtroom.
And I have not heard
from him since.
You know. Ms. Morgan...
I can't say I'd blame
you for being upset.
Learning that your husband
betrayed you and your friend.
While they're out
living the good life.
buying big houses.
smoking expensive cigars.
You're in prison reading books.
I didn't kill him.
Good try. though.
Why don't you tell us
what happened that night
after everyone left.
Ah. let's see.
Rory and I talked
about the cigars.
He wouldn't tell me
where he got them.
He got a phone call and he went
outside to talk in private.
[Lincoln] So you were left alone
in the living room.
With the brandy and the
cigar in the ashtray.
Yes.
Then what happened?
He came back.
I told him I had to go.
We had a conversation
that was going nowhere.
It was upsetting...
Not upsetting. It was...
Did he make you angry?
He walked me to
my car and I left.
That's it.
It's motive.
Opportunity.
Are we done?
Yes.
Thank you for your
time. Ms. Morgan.
We'll be in touch.
-[door closes]
-[dialing]
Jeffrey. I think I'm in trouble.
Ahh. Coffee.
Nope. Your favorite.
Hot tea.
[chuckles] I'm impressed.
How did you know?
A good attorney pays attention.
Perfect!
I know you've been
through a lot. Hollis.
And. I just want you to
know that I'm here for you.
If for nothing more
than to bring you
a cup of tea every
now and then.
[laughs]
Thank you.
Of course.
So. I did a little digging
into Mrs. Wilson's affairs.
Oh yeah? What did you find?
Well. turns out she
owns a lot more
than a dusty old house and
an old spoon collection.
Wow! She has some
serious bank!
Is that right?
All the more reason to get
moving on that conservatorship.
Well. I also looked into her
son. like you asked. Hollis.
She told me she didn't
have any family.
She and her son are at odds
so I thought if I could
bring them together.
we might not have to put her
under that conservatorship.
-That would be ideal.
-Yeah.
His name is Conroy Wilson.
Lives in Charlotte.
Did she tell you
that he's an ex-con?
Yeah.
That explains why she wants
nothing to do with him.
Anyway. all of the numbers I
have for him aren't working
but I'll keep trying.
Yeah. okay.
Nice work. Mark.
You okay?
Oh. Yeah. I'm good.
I just...
I haven't been able to
reconcile with my own family so.
hey. maybe there's hope
for Marla and Conroy. Right?
You have a good heart. Hollis.
And you have my full support.
Just let me know how I can help.
Can I ask you a question?
Why did you hire me
knowing that I was a felon?
One. you were honest with me.
Two. I believe your
ex-husband abused your trust.
And three.
you're brilliant.
Oh. and four. I believe
in second chances.
Thank you.
Well. in that case. I think I
should tell you that I'm filing
a petition to have
my record expunged.
Would you be willing to write a
letter of recommendation for me?
Are you kidding?
I would be honored.
You're gonna make an
amazing attorney. Hollis.
Maybe you'll be
hiring me someday.
[Hollis] Okay guys.
What do we have?
Well. let's start with
Rory's fancy new house.
Turns out he paid cash for it.
$500.000 over asking.
Price tag on that
baby was $3.5 million.
[Gene]
Whoa!
Sounds like he had some money
burning a hole in his pocket.
Maybe it was dirty money.
Maybe he was
helping to clean it.
Who would he be laundering for?
Pick a con. any con.
Ah. I looked into
his financials and
he had bank accounts
all over the place.
Here. Switzerland. Paris.
And no less than a million
dollars in each one.
What?
What do you have Gene?
Ah. well. it turns out that our
suspicions that Rory was a loner
turned out to be true.
The only people
in his life.
other than his trophy
girlfriends.
seemed to be a few
business associates and us.
Who were all the
people at the memorial?
Were they paid actors?
[Gene]
Said trophy's friends.
Where was Rory
getting this money?
Drugs? Smuggling goods
across the border?
Trafficking?
All of the above.
What about his
international connections?
None of my contacts knew
anything about him.
Not that they would admit.
Maybe he was an escort.
I'm kidding.
He was probably a
drug dealer. right?
I know Rory had a history.
I don't see. I don't see Bill
being involved with drugs.
But then again. I didn't
see him selling me out.
So there it is...
Where are with finding
the elusive ex?
I have yet to open that
can of worms. But I will.
Let me know if I
can be of any help.
Oh. Since you're offering.
can you find out more about
these promissory note schemes?
There may be others who helped
Bill set up these dummy accounts
and I wanna have all the
info by the time I see him.
Oh. Gene. What about your
attorney general friend?
Doesn't he prosecute
cases like that?
You mean former attorney
general and friend
who got off without
answering for his crimes
because yours truly lied on
his behalf. went to prison
and came out with a criminal
record and a broken heart?
Yes. That one.
[whispers]
Stop it!
If you're not comfortable
talking to him...
I'll take one
for the team.
Thank you.
And not a word about any of
this to Faber and Lincoln.
Okay? We have to stay
two steps ahead of them.
How hard can that be?
[chuckling]
Oh and speaking of the cops.
Will they uncover any dealings
that any of you had with Rory?
It's bad enough
they're targeting me.
I don't want them
coming after all of us.
No? Nothing?
Well. his fashion choices nearly
sent me into a fit of rage
but I didn't kill him!
[everyone laughs]
Okay. well if that is
all then I have to go.
Michael is waiting for me.
Oh guys oh!
One more thing. okay.
Please be careful. All right.
We don't know who
killed Rory or why.
which means we also
don't know if one of us
could be the next target.
Murder by association.
[Hollis chuckles] Miller I love
what you've done with the place.
I made copies of all of
this on to flash drives
but I've also printed out
hard copies for you and Gene.
Okay. Thank you.
That is a lot of books.
Don't tell me you've read
every single one of them.
No.
No. I'm kidding.
I've read all of them.
[laughs]
Yeah.
Okay. so...
Did anything in Rory's bank
records strike you as odd?
Other than the fact
that he spent money
like he had an
endless supply?
Maybe he did. But where
did it come from?
Everywhere.
Mostly wire transfers.
big amounts. small amounts.
domestic. international.
He was kind of all
over the place.
Hmm. Okay.
Well. thank you for this.
I will go over it tonight.
I appreciate it.
What?
I know that Rory was
blackmailing you.
Where'd you get that idea?
At one of the meetings. he
pointed in your direction
and he said that he
had something on you.
You know...
She's going to owe me big time.
You don't have to admit it.
I won't say anything.
I mean. even if you.
even if you killed Rory.
I wouldn't tell a soul.
Miller. I didn't kill him.
but thank you for that.
I think.
And um. Rory was not
blackmailing me.
Then who was he talking about?
Thank you for the books
and everything love.
I appreciate it.
That wasn't an answer.
[Hollis] Oh! So are we
day drinking now?
[Abby laughs] I'm in between
showings. Don't judge me.
I'm just saying. You could
have ordered for me!
No. I'm good.
Don't worry about it.
I'm just going to
go straight in.
So. um. was Rory
blackmailing you?
Because Miller said Rory pointed
at me during one of the meetings
and said he 'had something'.
But he was actually talking
about you. wasn't he?
I don't know what he was...
Did he dig up something
from your past?
Something Michael
doesn't know about?
Okay. Look. I've done a lot of
things that I'm not proud of.
They seemed necessary
at the time. but...
I've been there.
I've done that.
I lived in Seattle
before I came here.
I went to prison
because I was greedy.
Theft by deception. fraud.
call it whatever you want.
That doesn't sound like you.
You don't know the
person I used to be.
I ran through every penny I
had and eventually I started
thinking of ways to take
in other people's money.
When I got out I
wanted a clean slate.
I got a fresh start with a
little help from a friend.
-Yes. Jeffrey.
-Yep.
He introduced me to Michael
and we married within a year.
So how much of your
past does Michael know?
Not as much as Rory.
If he knew everything.
it would destroy him.
It would destroy us.
So. okay. Let me
get this straight.
-You and Rory were friends...
-Uh huh.
And all this time he
was blackmailing you?
More like threatening
to blackmail me.
Isn't that blackmail?
Okay. with Rory it's a little
hard to tell sometimes.
That's true.
Anyway. I wasn't about to let
him drive me away from the club.
You guys are the only family
I have. besides Michael.
Listen...
I went back to the house
the night he was killed.
thinking I could finally
convince him to stop milking me
for cash.
When I approached the house.
I saw another car peeling
out of the driveway.
Might have been the killer!
Actually. it was you.
Yeah. You were acting
so strange when we left
I thought something had
gone down between you two
so I changed my mind
and I went home.
Abby. you have to
tell the police.
And further implicate you?
If they found out you've been
withholding information.
you could be in trouble.
I'll be fine.
I always am.
[phone ringing]
Hi Michael. What's up?
What?
Listen. Don't do anything.
Don't call the police.
Do nothing.
I'm. I'm on my way
over right now.
Yes. I need to see
Detective Faber please.
Ms. Morgan.
What can I do for you?
One of the book club
members is missing.
So Abigail Caldwell's husband
found this in the driveway.
How is it relevant?
Because in one of our previous
books. "Cheat the Storm."
someone was strangled
with a scarf.
Are you saying you think
Abby Caldwell is dead?
No. I don't know.
[Faber] And no one else
from the club
has spoken to her recently?
No. Just me.
Last book club member
to see Mr. Sharma alive.
[Lincoln] Last member to
talk to Mrs. Caldwell.
I'm seeing a bit
of a pattern here.
[Faber]
Were you and Abby on good terms?
Yes. Abby was my friend.
And so was Rory.
Well. maybe 'your friend'
suspected you were a killer.
Maybe you killed her
to keep her quiet.
Okay. that's it.
That is it!
I've had it with your
half-baked theories about me
being some sort of
raging murderer!
If you're going to charge
me with a crime. charge me!
Maybe we will!
Go ahead!
There's nothing here...
[Faber] You're free
to go. Ms. Morgan.
You are free to go. Ms. Morgan.
We'll put Mrs. Caldwell's info
into the system. Thank you.
Thank you.
You don't really think I'm a
murderer. do you Detective?
What does it matter what I think
as much as what I can prove.
So no? Right?
[door opens. closes]
We should arrest her for
having a smart mouth.
Yeah. well it doesn't
work that way.
Look it. can you just
dial it back a bit.
Let's reach out to a few
more of Rory's acquaintances.
Bring them in for questioning.
[Faber] So you and Rory were
lovers a few months ago?
[Lincoln] Did you ever
meet his family?
What did he tell you
he did for a living?
[Lincoln] Is it true that
you owed Rory money?
When was the last time
you saw Rory alive?
Where were you on the
night he was killed?
So how long have you known Rory?
[A.J.] I met him about
10 years ago
when he was trying to break
into the film industry.
I was an aspiring
producer at the time.
[A.J.] He always just flew
by the seat of his pants
yet somehow always
managed to make money.
Like a lot of money!
How would you
describe Mr. Sharma?
[A.J. scoffs]
Describe?
He was a big show-off.
And I remember this one good
thing about him. though.
He. um. he said there
was this woman that
went down for one of
the scams he pulled.
[A.J.]
He regretted it.
Said he wanted to
make it up to her.
[Gene]
So. um...
I did a deep dive
into Rory's cohorts.
Went years back in his social
media accounts. contacts.
and emails. thanks to
Miller. by the way.
Lots of calls from
unknown numbers.
Burner phones?
Uh huh. Most likely.
Um...
There's one number that
showed up repeatedly.
It belongs to someone you know.
Bill?
Hollis...
Do you think
Bill killed Rory?
Is he capable?
No. I don't think... No.
Maybe he had someone
do it for him?
Or Rory double crossed him or
threatened to roll over on him?
Look. I know you don't
wanna talk to the guy
but you can't keep
putting it off.
How long did it take you
to forgive your friend?
[Gene scoffs]
Who says I forgave him?
You know. as bad as prison
was. and it was hell.
it wasn't nearly as bad as
being betrayed and abandoned
by someone you love.
Tell me about it.
[knocking]
How long have you
known Rory Sharma?
Okay Becky. look.
I just want you to know
I never meant for you to
take the fall in this.
I didn't...
Did you guys do business
up until he was killed?
Okay. I met Rory
a few years ago.
He approached me with
a business proposition.
He said he was working with
some dude named Achilles.
We teamed up. and we
made a lot of money.
And then we got caught and...
You mean I got caught.
Rory assured me that
everything would work out.
See without a record. you
wouldn't do a day inside.
let alone a full sentence.
Do you know that. um...
I'm a suspect in
Rory's murder?
That's why I'm here.
To protect you.
Protect me from who. what?
Achilles.
And his men.
Rory pissed them off.
How?
He tried to pressure Achilles
into making him
an equal partner.
So I'm pretty sure Achilles
is the one who killed him
but he's trying to make
it look like you did.
Or somebody from your book club.
Anything else?
I can help you. Becky.
I know how these men
operate. and I know you.
I know you're not
going to stop until
you get to the
bottom of this.
But they may kill you
before you get there.
And you're going to protect me?
Come with me. Becky.
I can take you where
nobody can find you.
Not the police. not
Achilles. nobody.
Why not just tell the police
what you just told me?
You know I can't do that. okay.
Not without implicating myself.
I see.
Becky. if you'd
just listen to me.
You can go.
Becky...
♪ [slow sad music] ♪
♪ Are moments that passed ♪
♪ Though it's farewell
don't be sad ♪
♪ Let's keep it on a high note ♪
[door closes]
♪It's been a really good show♪
♪ You know it's time
(You know it's time)... ♪
♪ [soulful music] ♪
♪ (vocalizing) ♪
♪
♪ Every night I pray ♪
♪ For a day that
I can feel safe ♪
[hard knocking at door]
♪ Will Heaven be the only way? ♪
♪
♪ Be the only way ♪
♪ (vocalizing) ♪
♪
[Hollis]
I wanna see Detective Faber now!
Right now!
You sent cops to
ransack my house?
[Faber] It was just
a routine search.
I'm not the one you
should be harassing.
What about Bill Lynley? Or
better yet. here's a thought.
Find Abby!
Look. we tried to
find your hus...
Ex-husband. He's still
out of the country.
Wrong!
He's been following me around
for who knows how long
and last night he
shows up at my house!
Did he cause you any harm?
Depends on what you consider
harmful. Detective?
Hey. okay. just...
Please?
He told me I was in danger.
And that he and Rory were in
business with a third party.
Who?
Someone by the name of Achilles.
He said Rory got greedy and
that's why they killed him
and they might kill me too.
So is that it?
Isn't that enough?
Okay. let's just say this
Achilles person actually killed
Rory Sharma.
Why on earth would he or
she kill Abigail Caldwell?
I don't know.
Rory had something on her.
So maybe she tried to
turn the tables and
got caught up in
their matrix.
Or maybe they killed her to
keep her quiet. I don't know.
That's a lot of maybes.
Here's another one.
Maybe if you do your job.
maybe I wouldn't have
to do it for you.
Look. a friend of
Rory's said that
he regretted one
of his scams.
One where a woman took
the fall for her husband.
Now as horrible of a
person that Rory was.
he felt bad for
what he did to you
and vowed to make it
up to you someday.
So did he?
What do you think Detective?
Did you kill Rory
Sharma. Ms. Morgan?
No.
Then who did?
You believe me. don't you?
Look. everyone we interviewed
had an air tight alibi.
Okay.
What about Farrah?
She was sleeping with
another man that night.
Alibi corroborated.
It figures!
Did any of the
other club members
go back to Rory's
house after you left?
No. Not that I know of.
Well then. I guess we are
right back where we started.
♪ [ominous music] ♪
[Abby]
How did you find me?
You planted the
scarf didn't you?
Guilty.
Why would you fake your death?
I never said I was dead.
The police concluded that...
Wait. hold on.
Were Rory and his friends
blackmailing you?
Did they threaten to kill you?
Do they think you
know their identity?
Okay. whoa Nancy Drew!
I'm just trying to
figure out my next move.
You mean your next identity.
We thought you were dead.
We were completely heartbroken.
And what about Michael?
Collateral damage.
Look. I'm sorry.
I just needed to watch
what happened from afar.
What does that mean?
How involved were you with Rory?
I told you.
Everyone who's had dealings
with him is under scrutiny.
I know but I'm going to
need you to show your face.
I can't!
The police think I killed you
and it's just a matter of
time before they charge me.
If my freedom means
anything to you girl.
if my life means
anything to you.
you'll come out of hiding
and talk to the police.
If I don't?
Wow!
I guess I'm just collateral
damage to you too.
Hollis. I've been waiting
for an update on Marla's son.
-Any word?
-Oh. yeah. Sorry.
Oh. um...
He won't be coming to Philly.
You were so right about him.
Have you told Marla yet?
Not yet. But I will.
Hey look. I'm really sorry.
I know you had high
hopes for them.
What are you going to do?
I'll make sure to
have her to sign that
conservatorship agreement.
No. That's okay.
I'll take care of it.
You have more than enough
on your plate right now.
I'll keep you in the loop.
Please.
Yes. Ms. Marla. Please
have a seat. Have a seat.
[Bill] Becky. I'm leaving
the country for good.
It's not safe for me here.
As long as I'm around. it's
not safe for you either.
I wish that you'd come with me.
Look. for what it's worth.
I'm sorry about everything.
You take care of yourself.
Beck...
Hollis. Okay?
Here.
If you change your
mind before I leave.
[door closes]
[all speaking at once]
All right. all right!
One at a time. guys!
[Abby]
I know what I did was cowardly.
And selfish.
Sometimes being selfish and
cowardly could save your life.
Hollis' ex offered
to take her away.
I think she should go.
Don't you?
I don't think you solve a
problem by running away. Miller.
I need to clear my name!
[Rena] You did the
right thing. Hollis!
I agree.
I don't think the police
have a case against you.
I mean come on. they can't
prove who killed Rory. okay?
We were together the whole
time. we all drank brandy.
Hell. I smoked a cigar so.
Look you guys. I have
to tell you something.
-What?
-Umm...
That night...
Rory and I had an argument.
He went outside to make a phone
call and I was left alone.
with the cigars
and brandy.
Hah! Opportunity.
[Abby]
Wait a minute.
Maybe the window of
opportunity was wider.
Because in the book. the
poison was already in the wine
that was swapped out for the
wine that was at Gerald's house.
And that made it faster
for the killer to act.
So the brandy and the cigars
were poisoned beforehand
and then switched out for
the brandy in the bottle
and the cigar
in the ashtray.
[Gene]
But how did they get in?
Remember in "Hidden Game"
when the victim's door to
the courtyard was unlocked?
And Rory was outside
on the phone.
I went out the side door.
I don't think I locked it.
Yeah. but someone could have
been waiting the whole time
and slipped in through
the side door.
[Rena]
They knew we were all there.
Yes!
And who better to frame
than a group of ex-cons?
[Hollis]
Whoa!
Someone killed Rory and made
it look like one of us did it.
[Faber]
It's an interesting theory.
Very... interesting.
And you guys tested the
entire bottle of brandy?
And all of the cigars?
No. I mean...
No. He didn't drink
out of the bottle.
He drank out of the glass.
Which shattered on the floor.
There was poison
on the cigar so...
Is there anything else?
No. that's all we...
Rory was blackmailing me.
So if Hollis is a suspect...
Then I should be one too.
He threatened to out a man I
was dating on the down low.
if I didn't help
him uncover secrets
of some very important
people in town.
Rory helped me start my business
but he knew stuff about me.
Stuff that would be damaging
enough to make me a suspect.
[Gene] Well. I guess we
should all be suspects...
Detective.
No. not me.
I didn't deal with him.
Is that it?
Yes.
Well. Thanks for calling.
We'll be in touch.
Wait. Faber. Shouldn't we be
taking them all to the station
for questioning?
No.
Hollis...
Hollis.
Yeah?
Sorry.
You gotta get Bill
to talk. Hollis.
He might be our only hope.
Yeah. You're right.
You're right.
I'll see if I can get him
to meet with me before
he leaves town. Okay?
You're right. You're right.
Bill?
Bill.
It's okay.
What is this place?
Umm... Some dude
Rory knew owned it.
They used to throw parties here.
Did you change your mind
about coming with me?
You know. in all the years
since I've been out of prison.
I've never asked
you for anything.
Like nothing.
I served my time. I got out.
picked up the pieces
of my life on my own.
I never asked you for a dime.
Not even an apology.
I know. Becky. I know...
So the way I look at it...
You owe me.
And I'm going to give
you a chance to pay up.
Go to the police and tell them
what you know about Rory.
Do you what you're
asking me to do?
Yup.
Same thing I did for you.
Everything I did I
did for you. Becky.
I did it for you.
Are you serious?
You did for me?
Yes!
Let me remind you
what you did for me.
You tricked me into signing
fraudulent documents.
You watched the police haul
me away. in handcuffs.
You walked out on me!
You divorced me when
I was convicted.
You never came to see me.
You never put money on my books.
you never called me.
you never sent me
one single letter.
And the day I got out of prison.
you were nowhere to be found.
That's what you did to me.
You never gave a damn. did you?
I did give a damn!
I couldn't show up at the jail.
or send you a letter or
put money on your books.
Why?
Because we would
both end up there!
Becky. everyday you did
inside I did with you.
And it killed me.
So the only way I
can make up for
is I picked this life for us.
We have money.
We have places we
can go now. baby.
You and me.
Please come with me.
Let me do that for you.
You want to do something for me?
I do.
Go to the police.
Or not.
Becky...
Becky!
♪ [sad music] ♪
♪ Time ♪
♪ Is all we have ♪
♪ The days have gone so fast ♪
♪ But that's in the past ♪
[loud gunshot]
♪ Cause all that remains ♪
♪ Is the moments we had ♪
♪ Though it's farewell
don't be sad ♪
♪ Let's keep it on a high note ♪
♪ It's been a really good show ♪
♪ You know it's time... ♪
[sirens wailing]
[Hollis]
I know how this looks.
Like a real big
coincidence. right?
Your husband made a
real mess of your life.
You finally had the
chance to get even.
You kill his business partner
to make it look like
a book club crime.
then you call the police
after you kill him
so you can play victim.
Say something.
Do you own a gun. Ms. Morgan?
No.
Did you kill your ex-husband?
No!
Good. Go home.
Go.
Yeah. I'm gonna need your coat.
So I can test for
gunshot residue.
Look. everyone we interviewed
had an air tight alibi.
In books. in life.
the person to watch
is the one watching
you the closest.
[Avery]
Hollis.
Hot tea.
I'm impressed!
How'd you know?
A good attorney pays attention.
[phone ringing]
[Rory] I need to get this.
Let's just say we have
some mutual acquaintances.
Avery. Good morning.
Good morning.
♪ [ominous music] ♪
"He trudged through the woods
and sneaked in through the
back door of the cabin.
He never even noticed
there was mud on his shoes."
Okay...
[dialing]
Abby. what color was the
paint on Rory's courtyard door?
[text notification]
[flurry of text notifications]
[ABBY(V.O.)TEXT TO GROUP]:Avery
Mitchell dabbles in real estate.
He owns the Dodson
building and recently
bought the old lipstick factory.
He uses it as a party venue.
What is this place?
Some dude Rory knew owned it.
They used to throw parties here.
RENA (V.O.) TEXT TO GROUP:
Miller. where are you?
[MILLER (V.O.) TEXT TO GROUP]:
Just got to Dodson.
Installing tracker
on Avery's car.
[RENA (V.O.) TEXT TO GROUP]:
Tracker! You're a genius.
Call me when it's done.
[ABBY (V.O.) TEXT TO GROUP]:
Where's Gene?
[HOLLIS (V.O.) TEXT TO GROUP]:
I'll call him. Gotta go.
[Rena] It's so strange
to be here without him.
[Abby]
I know.
Thanks for helping
me out with this.
Well. I don't know how
much help I'm going to be.
You're just looking at a
door and paint. Right?
Okay. the truth is
I heard you tell the police
that Rory helped you out.
That he had something on you?
What do you mean?
Okay. He didn't have
anything on me.
I just made that part up.
It was good. right?
[chuckles]
But he did help me out.
[Rena] What is this?
What's going on?
Well. the other day you
said something about
how you always dreamed of
having your own clothing line.
And I thought. well. starting a
business takes a lot of money.
So...
Here's a lot of money.
Is this a joke?
The only thing I ask as your
silent partner slash investor.
is that you make me a custom
suit every now and then.
Maybe a few shirts.
I mean. what is this?
Like a million bucks.
Give or take.
Rory. no.
This is too much
It's going to take me
years to pay you back.
It's not a loan. Rena.
Everything I've gotten.
I've had to take.
No one gave me anything.
No one believed in me
the way I believe in you.
So...
Take the money.
Start your business.
Have your dream.
Let's go find out who
killed our friend.
[phone rings]
Hey. Rena.
Yeah. the tracking
device is installed.
I gotta go.
[Hollis]
Gene. Gene. listen to me.
I'm right about Avery.
And I'm pretty
sure he's Achilles!
I just need one thing
to connect him with Bill.
[Gene]
One thing. like what?
Well. Bill said that Rory's
friend owned a warehouse.
[Gene] Okay. and that's
important because...
I think it's the same warehouse
that Bill talked about.
The same warehouse
where he was killed.
[Gene] Hmmm...
I should have Miller
meet you there.
No no no no.
Listen listen listen.
I'm literally
going to sneak in.
take a photo of a
wall and leave. Okay?
This is the final piece I
want before I confront Avery.
All right.
I'll call you when I'm done.
-[Gene] Be careful.
-All right. bye.
Well hello. sunshine.
What? You're not
happy to see me?
That's a first.
[chuckles]
Oh tell me.
How did you like my little crime
scene recreation in my office?
You planted that?
Well. I knew you would come
after me. you know eventually.
I just had to make sure
it was on my terms.
So I just gave
you a little help.
You set me up.
Oh you know. Rory.
he went on and on about your
stupid little book club.
Ah. your loser ex-husband.
he was really weak.
I'm sure you knew that already.
But at least he tried
to look out for you
in his own pathetic way.
[puffs on the cigar]
What are you talking about?
Oh...
[puffing on cigar]
He whined so much about
how he set you up
that Rory felt bad and
begged me to hire you.
Give you a legitimate shot.
Worked out for me
because they were both
indebted to me more than ever.
You're Achilles.
Not the name I would
have given myself but...
Yes.
That promissory thing was
brilliant. don't you think?
I could walk you
through all the details
because I know how much you
love a good murder mystery.
You really do. don't you?
Let me narrate.
Rory threatened to expose
your entire operation.
You slipped in through
the courtyard doors
and exchanged the brandy and
the cigars for poisonous ones.
just like in the book.
I guess my question is. did you
plan on his ex-con friends
being there that evening or
was that just. I don't know.
convenience?
You are clever. Hollis!
I always liked that about you.
No. you got scared.
You thought I might be
able to convince Bill
to go to the police.
So you killed him too.
The End.
[Hollis]
Not quite.
All this magnanimous
pro bono work
for rich old ladies like Marla
was just another way for you
to take advantage of people
and steal their money.
The bottom line: you're a lying.
cheating. murderous.
money grubbing son of a bitch!
[clapping]
Guilty as charged. counselor.
Oops! No no.
You're not a lawyer.
That is too bad.
[liquid spilling onto floor]
Because I think we would
have made a nice team.
Morgan and Mitchell.
Attorneys at Law.
Kind of has a nice
ring. don't you think?
You're insane.
Ah. well.
[laughs]
Ahh... There we go.
[can bangs on floor]
You know. we really
could've had something...
Hot.
[puffing deeply]
Good night. Hollis.
No!
[sobbing]
No.
Help me! Someone please help me.
Please!
Avery come back! Please!
Please! Please help me!
Please! Avery!
Please come back...
[Miller]
Hollis! Hollis!
[Miller] I got you! I got you!
It's okay. I got you.
[sirens]
Come on. Come on!
Let's go.
[sirens]
[Miller and Hollis panting]
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
You? Let's go over here.
Come on.
[Lincoln]
Keep them here.
[Paramedic]
Set her down over here.
[Miller]
Not now. Detective.
I just need to ask
a few questions...
[Miller] Not now.
Just not now.
Great job catching
Avery so fast.
Yeah. well. we can't
take the credit.
Seems that someone installed
a tracker on his car.
Remotely disabled the engine
before he could drive away.
You guys wouldn't know anything
about that. would you?
[Lincoln] You don't have to
worry about Avery Mitchell.
He's going away for
a very long time.
Thank you. Detective.
Thank you.
[Miller]
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah. I'm sure. I can do it.
I can drive. Thank you.
[Judge Martin] According to your
support letters. Ms. Morgan.
you're a saint.
[Judge Martin] We all
know that's not the case.
You committed a serious offense
that violated the trust
of a lot of people.
And now you want us to pretend
that that didn't happen.
What's changed?
Thank you. Your Honor.
I've changed.
I don't take things
for granted anymore.
Not my freedom.
not opportunities.
not my relationships.
I have dreams. Your Honor.
I really need this certificate
to prove to society
that I've learned my lesson.
There's not a day
that goes by that
I don't think about those
people that I've hurt.
And I'm motivated.
I'm so motivated
to helping others.
I'm committed to doing that.
Your Honor.
for the rest of my life.
[Judge Martin] I've received a
lot of letters on your behalf.
but the one that
stands out the most
is the one that I received from
the Old City Police Department.
Apparently you were
recently a suspect
in a murder investigation.
Along with that communication
come a memo from
Detective Jonathan Faber who
has some very strong opinions
about your request for a
Petition of Rehabilitation.
And he highly recommends that
your request be granted.
I am inclined to do so.
Petition for Expungement
is hereby approved
and awarded to
the petitioner.
Thank you. Thank you.
Your Honor. Thank you.
[happy chatter]
Congratulations Hollis!
Thank you so much. Mark.
Thank you. Thank you.
Well. congratulations.
Ms. Morgan.
Hollis.
You know. if this lawyer
thing doesn't work out.
you should give me a call.
You'd make one
helluva a detective.
Seriously. another card?
[Hollis] I wish Jeffrey could
of made it today.
[all chattering]
[Miller]
Guys...
Guys!
[flurry of text notifications]
[Hollis] Jeffrey Wallace
has been murdered?
♪ [ominous music] ♪